Lotus Manual

	The object of the game Lotus is to move one's pieces off the board into the position called "End Space"
	 before the other player. One player is given ten red game pieces while the other player gets ten 
	 blue game pieces.
	 
	The pieces are stacked in the middle of the board as one stack of 4 pieces, one stack of 3 pieces, 
	one stack of 2 pieces, and one stack of 1 piece. 
	
	Each player takes turns moving their pieces in an attempt to get to the exit space on the game board. 
	A player can only move a piece that is on top of a stack or that is the only piece left in a stack. 
	The height of the stack determines how far you can move your piece. Therefore; a piece in a stack of 
	1 can only move 1 space forward. A player may decide which of the two starting positions to move their 
	piece to, both positions lead to one exit position. After the game start there is no limit to how many 
	pieces can be in a stack.

	The board consists of 14 regular squares, two special squares, and one backwards square. The regular 
	squares have a starting height of 0. This meaning that the regular rules will be in affect when on those 
	squares. One of the two special squares has a beginning height of 1, and the other has a beginning height 
	of 2. These beginning heights are added to the stack size of the pieces on top of the square. The backwards 
	square makes the player move his pieces backwards instead of forwards. Unless the piece came from a square 
	directly next to the backwards square, in which case the backwards square acts as a regular square.
	
How to Play

	To start the game, please run the BasicBoard class

	1.) The box to the bottom left display current players turn.
	
	2.) When Moving from the starting area, select which stack you want to move from.
	
	3.) Next select your starting square, either to the left or right.
	
	4.) After you select your starting square, select the square you want to move to.
	
	5.) If you are moving from a square, select the square you want to move from followed by the square you want to move to.
	
FinchController
	
	The finch controller is currently under BETA-Testing, to use this feature go into the BasicBoard.java class and remove the "//".
	Let us know what you think, so we can evolve this feature!
	
	How to Use Finch
	
		Moving the pointer left: To move the mouse left, tilt the finch so the left wing (beak pointing away from you) is pointed to the ground.
		
		Moving the pointer right: To move the mouse right, tilt the finch so the right wing (beak pointing away from you) is pointed to the ground.
		
		Moving the pointer up: To move the mouse up, tilt the finch so the beak is pointing up.
		
		Moving the pointer down: To move the mouse down, tilt the finch so the beak is pointing down.
		
		To select your option: Shake the finch.
		
	While using the finch please avoid contact with your computer's mouse.
	
	
